docs(tree): Update undo and detach trees docs (#20754)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/dds/tree/docs/main/detached-trees.md

While these edits seem destructive, they do not actually erase the node and the data associated with it and its descendants.
Instead, the node is moved out of the document tree, and treated as a new root that stands apart - detached - from the document.
This keeps the contents of the removed subtree in the forest instead of erasing them.

## Does This Lead to Unbounded Memory Growth?

Keeping all detached trees forever would lead to unbounded memory growth in clients,
and would run the risk of seriously bloating the document's snapshot size.
In order to avoid that, we intend to
(this is not implemented at the time of writing)
garbage-collect detached trees.
How this happens is covered further down,
but the key idea is that most of our systems are allowed to ignore the existence of this garbage collection scheme,
thereby making those systems' contracts and implementations simpler.

## When Are Detached Trees Relevant?

Detached trees are needed when a removed tree's contents
(i.e., the contents of the now detached tree)
become relevant again.
There are four scenarios where this can happen:

> -   Updating the view after reverting a commit

Author: Sorry, "view" mean TreeCheckout to me because I experience our system at a lower level. Fixed.

Another alternative would be to keep all detached trees forever
(i.e., without garbage-collecting them).
As mentioned above, this would be bad for memory usage.
This memory concern could be addressed for client by using local disk storage,
but it would still affect the size of snapshots.

This approach seems like a decent tradeoff between these two.
More importantly, it paves the way to allowing us to more precisely control that tradeoff though the concept of [undo window](undo.md).

See also [Collecting Usage Data](#collecting-usage-data).

### Simplicity

The fact that most of our system gets to assume all trees exist forever makes the system simpler.
There is a non-negligible complexity cost associated with the GC scheme,
but this complexity is contained in a relatively small body of code that exists only for this purpose.

This approach allows us to think of SharedTree as a composite DDS made up of two sub-DDSes:

-   One that is concerned with the existence of trees:
    -   New trees can be created
    -   Trees are never deleted, but clients are allowed to forget their existence/contents
    -   Clients can refresh one-another on the existence and contents of trees

> -   One that is concerned with the location of nodes with respect to one-another:

Author: Perhaps it would be more accurate to say that both DDSes deal with nodes. Moving a node does not remove it in the eyes of the first DDS.

The current approach has the following consequences:

-   The contracts and implementations for these abstractions remains smaller/simpler.
-   Some translation layer is needed between `DetachedNodeId`s and these paths.

The translation from a `DetachedNodeId` to path in a detached field is handled by the `DetachedFieldIndex`.

### The `DetachedFieldIndex`

The `DetachedFieldIndex` is used primarily by the `visitDelta` function to translate `DetachedNodeId`s to paths.
Its core responsibilities are as follows:

-   Picking a path where a newly detached tree (associated with a specific `DetachedNodeId`) should be stored
-   Checking if a specific detached tree (`DetachedNodeId`) has an assigned path,
    and if so, recalling what that path is.

#### A Naive Scheme

In theory, the conversion from `DetachedNodeId`s to paths could be a trivial one:

```typescript
function detachedNodeIdToPath(id: DetachedNodeId): UpPath {
	const parentField = `detached-${id.major}-${id.minor}`;
	return { parent: undefined, parentIndex: 0, parentField };
}
```

While this would work, it has the following drawbacks:

> 1. The overhear per detached tree may be prohibitive in scenarios (like text editing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The overhead per detached tree may be prohibitive in scenarios (like text editing)
```

   that lead to a large number of small detached trees,
   because the `Forest` would have to store a string of the form `detached-<major>-<minor>` for each detached tree.
2. It assumes we are able to dictate to `DeltaVisitor`s (specifically, to `Forest`s) how they should identify detached trees.
   This is not currently an issue because we do have that ability,
   but it is possible we will want to allow `Forest`s to have their own (more efficient) scheme for identifying them.
   This point is weak on its own, but it provides an incentive to pick an approach that,

>    on top of addressing point 1, also addresses it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   on top of addressing point 1, also addresses this concern.
```
